Changeset for getRelaySessionInfo and providers for it (#16300)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/chubby-schools-jump.md

---
"@fluidframework/odsp-driver": minor
"@fluidframework/odsp-driver-definitions": minor
---

> A new API getRelaySessioInfo to surface relay session info from cache, and providers to allow access to the new API

Reviewer: Did you mean to include the `` character? Same question in other file

Author: Odd, I don't see the character you're referring to in the text.

Reviewer: Interesting -- 
![image](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/assets/39542938/109bf865-7a60-4f12-a2f6-ea2c281ebd28)
Let me look at some other changeset files

Author: But I found it in visual studio. Got rid of it!

> A new API getRelaySessionInfo to surface relay session info from cache, and providers to allow access to the new API

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
`OdspDocumentServiceFactory` and `OdspDocumentServiceFactoryCore` acquired a new API `getRelaySessionInfo` to surface relay session info from cache, and implement new interfaces `IRelaySessionAwareDriverFactory` and `IProvideSessionAwareDriverFactory` that enable using the provider pattern to discover the new API.
```
